Use case: Update member records
Context: Add new members who have joined ChocAn, remove members who have left, suspend members who have not paid their membership fee, reinstate suspended members who have paid their fee, and update member information. From the system’s viewpoint, suspending or reinstating a member is performed via updating the record. All information is stored in the ChocAn Data Center.
Actors: Operator
Main Success Scenario: The step-by-step description, such as: 
1. Operator who wants to change member records logs in to the ChocAn Data Center system, which is in interactive mode during the day.
2. System displays an option to change either member or provider records.
3. Operator selects “Member”.
4.System displays a menu to select whether to update, add, or delete a member.
5. Operator makes the desired selection.
6. System requests the operator to enter the user’s name.
7. Operator enters the name.
8. If selected option was “Add Member”, system adds the member. If selected option was “Update Member”, operator updates the desired information. If selected option was “Delete Member”, system deletes the member.
9. System displays a menu to change other records or to finish.
10. Operator makes the desired selection.
11. If selection is “Finish”, ChocAn Data Center returns to the login screen.

Extensions: Possible alternatives to the steps you may think of (e.g., what happens if something goes wrong at this step), such as: 
1a. Incorrect login information.
	2a1. ChocAn Data Center displays an error message.
	2a2. Use case continues at Step 1.
7a. Previous option selected was “Update” or “Delete” and name does not exist in the database.
	7a1. System displays an error message stating that the name does not exist.
	7a2. Use case continues at Step 6.
8a. Selected option is “Add”
8a1. After adding member, System asks the operator if they want to update the records of the newly added member.
8a2. If yes, use case continues at Step 8, with option being “Update Member” performed on the name of the newly added member.
	8a3. If no, continue to Step 9. 
10a. Selection is “Change Other Records”.
	10a1. Use case continues at Step 4.
